Validation Bulk Fixes (#224)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/common-parameters-and-types/type-identifiers/see-do-types.md

---
# required metadata
title: "SeeDo Identifiers | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Type IDs for events, activities, parks and recreation, and both natural and man-made landmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A list of type identifiers that define events, activities, parks, and other attractions.
```
